Adding `lag` recipe (#56)
ververica/flink-sql-cookbook: aggregations-and-analytics/12_lag/12_lag.md

> # 12 Lag

Reviewer: What do you think we can use as an attractive title for the recipe? I like how Microsoft uses 'Accesses data from a previous row in the same result set without the use of a self-join' but that's a bit too long 😅

Author: Yeah, Lag is a bit "dry", what about one between the following

* Retrieve item's previous value without self-join
* Retrieve history with Lag
* Go back in item's history with Lag
* Compare item's history with Lag

Reviewer: I like `Retrieve previous row value without self-join`. WDYT?

Author: Perfect!

> ![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flink%20Version-1.13%2B-lightgrey)

Reviewer: I've been checking the documentation but it looks like LAG was supported since Flink 1.9 (its listed at https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.9/dev/table/functions.html#aggregate-functions but not for the 1.8 documentation)

Author: Yep, that's now fixed

> :bulb: This example will show how to retrieve the previous value and compute trends for a specific data partition.

The source table (`fake_stocks`) is backed by the [`faker` connector](https://flink-packages.org/packages/flink-faker), which continuously generates fake stock quotation in memory based on Java Faker expressions.

> In this recipe we're using the [LAG](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-master/docs/dev/table/functions/systemfunctions/#aggregate-functions) function to retrieve the previous value for a specific stock and then calculate its trend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this recipe we're using the [LAG](https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-stable/docs/dev/table/functions/systemfunctions/#aggregate-functions) function to retrieve the previous row value for a specific stock and then calculate its trend.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps it's good to add a little more detail on the use case: that we're going to create a table which contains stock ticker updates and we want to determine if the new stock price has gone up or down compared to its previous stock price. First we create the table and then you use a combination of a select statement and a case to determine  what has happened with the stockprice? WDYT?

Author: I agree! Reworded the example to give a bit more explanation

```sql
CREATE TABLE fake_stocks ( 
    stock_name STRING,
    stock_value double, 
    log_time AS PROCTIME()
) WITH (
  'connector' = 'faker', 
  'fields.stock_name.expression' = '#{regexify ''(Deja\ Brew|Jurassic\ Pork|Lawn\ \&\ Order|Pita\ Pan|Bread\ Pitt|Indiana\ Jeans|Thai\ Tanic){1}''}',
  'fields.stock_value.expression' =  '#{number.randomDouble ''2'',''10'',''20''}',
  'fields.log_time.expression' =  '#{date.past ''15'',''5'',''SECONDS''}',
  'rows-per-second' = '10'
);

WITH current_and_previous as (
    select 
        stock_name,
        log_time, 
        stock_value, 
        lag(stock_value, 1) over (partition by stock_name order by log_time) previous_value 
    from fake_stocks
)
select *, 
    case 
        when stock_value > previous_value then '▲'
        when stock_value < previous_value then '▼'
        else '=' 
    end as trend 
from current_and_previous;
```

## Example Output

> ![12_lag](12_lag.png)

Reviewer: You've included a GIF file, but are referring to a PNG

Author: Oppps, thanks!
